Change compatibility description for add index acceleration&PiTR (#11146)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

> **Warning:**
>
> Acceleration of `ADD INDEX` and `CREATE INDEX` is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in production environments.
>
> Currently, this feature is not compatible with [PITR (Point-in-time recovery)](/br/point-in-time-recovery.md). When using index acceleration, you need to ensure that there are no PITR log backup tasks running in the background. Otherwise, unexpected behaviors might occur, including:
>

> > - If you start a log backup task first, and then add an index. The adding index process is not accelerated even if index acceleration is enabled. But the index is added in a slow way. Since the log backup task will always run, it is equivalent to the index acceleration feature being disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If you start a log backup task first, and then add an index. The adding index process is not accelerated even if index acceleration is enabled. But the index is added in a slow way. Since the log backup task keeps running after being started, it means that the index acceleration feature is disabled in this case.
```
